= Marshall

Marshall is a javascript library based on Toomas R&ouml;mer's jsPgnViewer library (http://www.pgnview.com) which he licensed under the apache 2.0
license. For the sake of consistency, this is also licnsed under th apache license.

==Why another one?

Basically, because I wanted a different approach to the output. I wanted semantically proper markup, and I wanted to control the appearance of everything with css, rather than inline styles written (and controlled) by javascript. I recognize this is a different goal from the original, basically when the library reaches a release stage, the only thin that will remain of the original code is the pgn engine and maybe some of the structure. It was to much to ask that the original author accept changes that would quite possibly break the WP plugin he also offered, so a fork was the kindest option for all.

==So what is the goal here?

I'm trying to create a pgn viewer that simply creates HTML, no styling info at all, that will try and fit easily into the design of the site you're using it on.

==What's with the file structure?
Simple. The main tree is the development versions, so each class is in its own file. When the releases start to happen, there will be a separate dircetory for the combined and minified versions of the javascript; use those.

For now, each class/function is on its own. Deal with it.

==What's coming?

A number of things. For the initial revisions, probably not much more than removing the pieces of the original code that are no longer needed, such as the style related javascript (this will be replaced by semantic class names if anything at all, to enable CSS styling of the entire thing). This may make some other refatoring opportunities obvious. Then I'll add some variation handling code. That should take us to release 1.0, and from there we'll just have to see.

-----------------------------------------------------

Following contents come from original readme:

You have downloaded the archive and you want to use it for your own
webpage or maybe even write a plugin for blog software?

* Extract the archive.
* Include the jsPgnViewer.js in your webpage.
* Make the img folder from the archive available somewhere in your
	project.
* To initialize the board
		o Make a hidden div with an id
			- (<div style="visibility:hidden;display:none" id="id_of_the_pgn_div></div>)
		o Paste a PGN into the div
		o Make another div where ever you want the board to appear.
		o The div's id has to have the suffix _board. In the current example it
			should be id_of_the_pgn_div_board.
		o Somewhere in the <script> tags add
					+ var board = new Board("id_of_the_pgn_div")
					+ board.init() 
* If you want to reference the images from another directory you can use the
	imagePrefix attribute of the Board object.
		o board.imagePrefix = "someDirectory/" 
* If you don't want the movesPane to show up
		o board.showMovesPane=true 
* Easier way to set options
		o var board = new Board("id_of_the_pgn_div",
														{'showMovesPane':true,
														'imagePrefix':'someDirectory/'}) 

Have fun!
